1. Airstack
a. Lance/Jet: Flight mode needs to validated for the new waypoint clicky mode. (ROS Foxglove thing? Publish coordinates)
b. Josh: Ensure corridor flight navigation for drone on course entry and exit. There is a staging area, and there's the course, which is separated. 
For safety reasons, the only way UAVs can enter/exit the course is through the corridor. Which means, we need an flight algo that always paths through the corridor for entry/exit.
c. Burst mode/trigger. When operator signals to, the following needs to happen:
- Wuyi: The current GPS and gimbal location needs to be logged. The operator will hold the drone in place for 10 seconds.
- Wuyi: High quality image is taken, high quality video is taken for 10 seconds at 24fps (or higher)
- Wuyi: Data is stored LOCALLY to an mcap when completed that contains all relevant information.
- Lance: Geolocation estimate must happen during this phase, and sent back.
Lance: Upon completion of the burst mode, all data is packaged and sent as a singular data point back to the UGV base station, through the Dell and through the one-way switch.

2. Operator (Ground Control Station aka the Dell Laptop + the Yawman + the ground radio)
a. Wuyi/Josh - work with Swastik to connect the Dell laptop to the UGV base station. Ensure that communication is one-way. (START IMMEDIATELY, NO BLOCKERS)
b. Josh: Develop either a faster way of operating QGC, or make a quick waypoint clickable interface to move across the field. (could you just use foxglove?) (NO TYPING) (CLICKING ONLY) (also include a possible override for when we accidentally hover over someone)
c. Jet: Repair and validate Yawman controller can actually control the gimbal
d. Jet: Validate Foxglove UI to active mission/pub/sub low frame low fidelity livestream for operator action.
e. Jet: Yawman add button that connects to the burst system and geolocation system on the drone. (trigger button)

3. Misc
Jet/Lance/Wuyi: Synchrnoize MCAP data format* with Lockheed (this is to be done before 9/10)
